#Datasets at Kaggle

SETI Data | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/tentotheminus9/seti-data

Brazilian Stock Market Tweets with Emotions | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/fernandojvdasilva/stock-tweets-ptbr-emotions

SETI Data | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/tentotheminus9/seti-data

Top 980 Starred Open Source Projects on GitHub | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/chasewillden/topstarredopensourceprojects

My Complete Genome | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/zusmani/mygenome

1000 Cannabis Genomes Project | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/bigquery/genomics-cannabis

213K Stars From Gaia DR2 | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/solorzano/213k-stars-from-gaia-dr2

Handwritten Mathematical Expressions | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/rtatman/handwritten-mathematical-expressions

Mice Protein Expression | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/ruslankl/mice-protein-expression

Zika Virus Epidemic | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/cdc/zika-virus-epidemic

World Atlas of Language Structures | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/rtatman/world-atlas-of-language-structures

Confused student EEG brainwave data | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/wanghaohan/confused-eeg

GitHub Repos | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/github/github-repos

African Fabric Images | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/mikuns/african-fabric

NOAA GSOD | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/noaa/gsod

Genetic Variant Classifications | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/kevinarvai/clinvar-conflicting

Magic The Gathering Cards | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/mylesoneill/magic-the-gathering-cards

Genome Information For Sequenced Organisms | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/camnugent/genome-information-for-sequenced-organisms

Reddit Memes Dataset | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/sayangoswami/reddit-memes-dataset

Computer Network Traffic | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/crawford/computer-network-traffic

Sloan Digital Sky Survey DR14 | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/lucidlenn/sloan-digital-sky-survey

Structural Protein Sequences | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/shahir/protein-data-set

Sarcasm on Reddit | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/danofer/sarcasm

Bhagavad-gītā | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/schcsaba/bhagavadgita

Gene expression dataset (Golub et al.) | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/crawford/gene-expression

CT Medical Images | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/kmader/siim-medical-images

ECG Heartbeat Categorization Dataset | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/shayanfazeli/heartbeat

Kickstarter Projects | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/kemical/kickstarter-projects

World Development Indicators | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/worldbank/world-development-indicators

S&P 500 stock data | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/camnugent/sandp500

Bitcoin Historical Data | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/mczielinski/bitcoin-historical-data

Project COVIEWED Coronavirus News Corpus | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/trtmio/project-coviewed-subreddit-coronavirus-news-corpus

Data Science Cheat Sheets | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/timoboz/data-science-cheat-sheets

CoronaWhy | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/skylord/coronawhy

COVID-19 containment and mitigation measures | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/paultimothymooney/covid19-containment-and-mitigation-measures

COVID-19 MX | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/lalish99/covid19-mx

COVID-19 Genomes | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/tunguz/covid19-genomes

Find Open Datasets and Machine Learning Projects | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets

Kaggle: Your Machine Learning and Data Science Community
https://www.kaggle.com/

Financial Tweets | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/davidwallach/financial-tweets

All Classes Light Curve Characteristics (updated) | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/mithrillion/all-classes-light-curve-characteristics-updated

PLAsTiCC Astronomical Classification | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/c/PLAsTiCC-2018/leaderboard

Kaggle Progression System
https://www.kaggle.com/progression

PLAsTiCC Astronomical Classification | Kaggle
https://www.kaggle.com/c/PLAsTiCC-2018

conditg/Space: Astronomical Classification Competition (PLAsTiCC via Kaggle)
https://github.com/conditg/Space
